Module2 (#2)
lacattano/DevOps-Course-Starter: README.md

 * Debugger PIN: 226-556-590
```
Now visit [`http://localhost:5000/`](http://localhost:5000/) in your web browser to view the app.

### create a place to store data for todo app

*create a trello account

*create a trello board to store todo app item data

*create a "to do" and "done" list.(you will have the option to create a "doing" list but this can be left blank)

> *go to trell.com/api-key do access api key and token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*go to trello.com/api-key to access api key and token
```

*get the to do and done list id's and the board id. I did this with hoptscotch 

*to get board ID REQUIRES API TOKEN AND KEY- https://api.trello.com/1/members/me/boards?key=***KEY***&token=***TOKEN***.......

> *to get the list id's, MUST ADD VAVIABLES KEY, TOKEN, CARDS  https://api.trello.com/1/boards/***BoardID***/lists

Reviewer: Just a typo; worth scanning for if you get a chance to catch things that might make it harder for future users to read
```suggestion
*to get the list id's, MUST ADD VARIABLES KEY, TOKEN, CARDS  https://api.trello.com/1/boards/***BoardID***/lists
```

*add these to the environment file, REMEMBER virtual machines may reset this file if configured to do so.

### app testing

to check everything is working  you can use the unit tests to prove get_items is presenting the information correctly. 

> if not already install pytest then poetry run pytest in the command terminal

Reviewer: Worth noting that for future users `poetry run pytest` should suffice since you've installed pytest and it's recorded in your `pyproject.toml` file which means that future users will get it automatically when they run `poetry install`
